(balls rustling)
(horn blasting)
-: Welcome to Simmons!
Camera Operator: Start.
(kazoo tooting)
-: Simmons Hall is MIT's number one dorm
in number of windows and lack of velocipators.
To truly communicate what it feels like to live here,
we have compiled a series of videos
that we'll be playing with our national anthem.
So please join me, place your hand over your heart,
and rise to "O Spongy-Sponge."
(Instrumental "O Canada")
♪ O Spongey-Sponge ♪
♪ Our many windowed dorm ♪
♪ All walls within ♪
♪ So welcoming and warm ♪
♪ With curvy walls and plastic balls ♪
♪ And modularity ♪
♪ From far and wide ♪
♪ We come to join ♪
♪ In this vibrant community ♪
♪ Our Scotty breaks are known to all ♪
♪ For pancakes and smoothies ♪
♪ From dusk 'til dawn ♪
♪ O Spongey-Sponge ♪
♪ Ducks guard your Ying Yang sea ♪
♪ Let's keep our dorm ♪
♪ Velociraptor free ♪
♪ O Spongey-Sponge ♪
♪ We stand on guard for thee ♪
♪ For Simmons Hall is the best dorm at MIT ♪
(upbeat music)
(balls rumble)
-: We have also compiled a series of videos from CPW,
so please stick around to watch those.
(kazoos buzzing Mariah Carey's "All I Want For Christmas")
Thanks for watching the I3 video.
Make sure to check out our dorm tour.
Goodbye.